(Episode 38)
Let's suture the blood vessels and finish up.
This is an amazing person...
who gladly donated a part of her body to save a life.
Please do your best with me so she can have...
a normal life again without any aftereffects.
5-0 Prolene, please.
(Prolene: a medical suture often used for skin closure)
- Nurse Kim, I need to make a call. - Okay.
How did it go?
You just arrived?
Send it up as fast as you can.
What's going on? Do you think there's a problem?
You should sit down.
Take it to Doctor Song now. She's waiting.
What's going on? Did something happen?
Things happen all the time in the operating room.
But Doctor Song surely can handle it.
The blood vessels have different shapes.
It happens a lot in transplant surgeries,
so I asked Seoul Daehan Hospital for frozen blood vessels beforehand,
and they just arrived.
Now, I need to do an angioplasty first.
I guess it will take some time.
Yes.
Luckily,
the patient's lungs and heart look quite good.
She's so reliable.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
Gosh, here you go.
You're up.
Why am I here, Mom?
Don't you remember?
You felt dizzy and fainted.
The internal medicine doctor at the hospital ship moved you here.
You had a high fever all night after that.
Are you feeling okay?
Oh, dear.
You're not okay yet.
You're still burning with fever.
How is Han Sol?
I don't know.
Mom.
I was busy taking care of my sick daughter. I don't know about yours.
I asked you so many times to go to a post-partum care center,
but you refused to go.
What if even you end up...
What do you mean?
How is my baby?
How is she?
It doesn't look good.
I'd never seen the place in such a flurry of action.
Why didn't you wake me up?
What if I did?
What could you have done?
Come back. Have you lost your mind?
In Kyung. In Kyung.
Wait.
Stop. In Kyung. In Kyung.
In Kyung.
Come on, In Kyung.
What...
is he doing?
It's called kangaroo care.
The baby relaxes...
when they make skin-to-skin contact.
But why...
There was nothing else we could do.
Was my baby...
- that sick? - Yes.
Without me?
But last night,
Han Sol fought very well and bravely...
with Doctor Kwak.
That thing.
Can I do that? I want to do it, doctor.
When your cold goes away.
A cold virus can be deadly...
to a baby with a weak immune system.
What now?
I'm supposed to be the mom.
How can there be nothing...
I can do for my own baby?
You have Doctor Kwak.
He wants to save your baby...
just as much as you do.
He's a really good doctor.
Doctor Kwak said something last night.
If we did everything we can do with science,
it's time to do something a person can do.
With a praying heart.
With a prayer?
What's encouraging is that...
the prayer seemed to work pretty well.
It was stronger than epinephrine.
Do you see those numbers?
The heart rate was down to 60 last night.
It's 90 now.
It's as if an unknown energy is recharging...
Han Sol's heart.
Does that mean...
my grandchild can live?
As long as she keeps getting better.
My goodness.
Oh dear... Finally...
(NICU)
Your baby's fine.
Will you please put on your shoes?
If you walk bare foot...
soon after you give birth,
it'll delay your recovery.
Go on.
Mom.
You think the world of your child.
I also...
think the world of mine.
Come on.
Wear your shoes, In Kyung.
Doctor, how did it go?
The surgery went well.
Now, it's up to her to recover.
Doctor Song.
You must be Dong Hoon and Dong Min.
You know our names?
Of course.
Your dad shows me your photos and brags every day.
Really?
Do you think she'd lie?
You have to cheer your mom on.
That's the best medicine she can ever have.
Can you do that?
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
What are you doing? We're at a hospital.
Doctor Kwak, let go.
What did I just see?
You saw Doctors Kwak and Song.
Why was he dragging her out like this?
You're making me feel embarrassed.
Are they dating?
You didn't know?
Doctor Kwak, we should talk.
What happened last night?
What is this about?
It's a good morning.
A really good morning that probably comes...
only once in a lifetime.
Han Sol's getting better.
All through the night,
she lay on my chest,
and her heart pumped hard.
She fought so well.
Did she really?
Really.
Then that little baby must know.
That my man...
has the warmest heart in the whole world.
[VIU Ver] Episode 38 Hospital Ship "Kangaroo Care"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Hello? - Doctor Song Eun Jae?
Yes, speaking.
I'm Head of Geoje's Health Policy Division.
You know your inquiry committee's today, right?
Is it today?
What is it?
Sir, I have bad news.
What bad news?
I am here today...
to announce that I will drop all the charges...
I made against Doctor Song Eun Jae...
and Doctor Kwak Hyun...
who work on the hospital ship.
Explain what happened.
Why won't either of you say anything?
You operated without the guardian's consent.
No. That is not true.
How dare you lie?
That can't be.
Why are you dropping the charges?
Didn't you say surgeon Song Eun Jae...
operated without your consent?
That was...
(Mother Consented to Surgery)
All a big lie that I told.
What? How dare she...
Did you summon an inquiry committee...
before getting your facts straight?
Do you have money to waste?
What a mess.
No, that's not what happened.
Listen. Come back.
Why did you lie?
A lawyer came and said...
he'd give us money.
I asked how I could believe him,
and the lawyer said Doosung sorts things out.
- Did you just say Doosung? - Do you mean Doosung Group?
The Doosung Group we all know?
It's him.
Can you make a comment?
- Do you have anything to say? - One comment.
I'm going to hospital as soon as I get to Seoul.
Deny everything.
Tell the media that Lawyer Jo did everything on his own.
Yes, sir.
It seems that Doosung Group...
wanted to pass a law allowing...
remote medical service to sell their hardware...
and software worth tens of thousands of dollars...
through a newly established network.
Chairman Jang Tae Joon...
fled his Geoje accommodation during the night as if on the run.
It turned out he bribed...
patients, family members, and even many public servants.
This won't do.
Call the hospital ship's captain.
We should get them back to work before people get us all wrong.
Are you sure this is all a misunderstanding?
What? Do you think I'm like you?
Don't blame me.
I just did as you told me to.
So keep on doing as I tell you,
and get the hospital ship's captain.
Captain.
I told you already that I don't see why I should see him.
You waited here all night just so...
you could meet him.
I don't think he'll have time to see me.
He'll have to see them first.
What? Bribery?
I took nothing.
I served the public all my life. I'm an honest man.
Let go of me.
All done.
Are you awake?
The hospital ship.
What happened?
You should come with me.
Where to?
To save our ship.
I can't go anywhere.
I have to stay here.
No, you don't.
You have a huge liver. You should recover in a day.
What?
Oh dear.
I was kidding.
It all worked out.
I just got a call from the office.
They want us back at work tomorrow if possible.
That's great.
What did you do to make that happen?
What did you do...
to save our ship?
Nothing, right?
I was busy looking after my wife.
Our hospital ship will soon be back on the sea.
The others tried really hard.
It looks like...
you can get back together with your wife.
Our ship's staff now all know what to do.
You can stop...
looking after them and the ship,
and look after your sons and wife.
Nurse Pyo.
The hospital ship's here.
It's been so long.
- The hospital ship's here. - Really?
The hospital ship's coming. It's about time, isn't it?
It's been so long.
- Ms. Seo Soon Ae. - Yes.
Mr. Park Soo Bong, you can go in now.
- Did you have lunch? - Yes.
- Ms. Kim Jung Boon. - Yes?
Let's take a chest x-ray. Come with me.
Ma'am, hug this screen tightly as if you're hugging a baby.
When I tell you to,
hold your breath.
Hold your breath.
- Let's go. - Hurry up.
Look at all those people. They're flocking over.
We haven't been here in a while,
so people from other islands came over.
I see that.
Come in, hospital ship.
It's me.
A climber fell from Mount Daegeum.
- What? - It's an emergency.
Okay.
Give me that. Volume up.
We have an emergency. We have an emergency.
Someone on holiday...
tripped and fell, and she is unconscious.
Yoo Jung.
Wake up, Yoo Jung.
Doctor, are you hurt? Are you okay?
I'm fine.
- Over there. - Open your eyes.
Yoo Jung, wake up. Wake up.
Move over. Let's have a look.
Ma'am, wake up.
Ma'am.
- BP. - 75 over 50.
It's tension pneumothorax. 16 gauge needle.
Okay.
(Pressure building in the chest cavity)
What's wrong with her leg? Why is it swollen?
Is it broken?
Ma'am. Ma'am?
Do you feel this?
What's wrong?
She's paralyzed.
Paralyzed?
Can she move it again?
I think it's temporary.
What's wrong with it?
It's acute compartment syndrome.
She hit her leg hard when she fell.
Blood stopped flowing in the muscles.
We must transfer her to the hospital ship.
Okay.
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2, 3.
(Hospital Ship)
The cancer that grows in my body...
is virulent.
Did you apply to an emergency hospital in England?
I'm disappointed.
Why didn't you discuss with me before?
Unless I'm healthy and beautiful,
I don't want to be with him.
You pretend to be really strong,
but you cry a lot.
Please leave. Leave now!
Please open the door.